# Music Curation Project
## Week 1: Musical Datasets
Task 2: I have identified Coldplay as my particular artist of analysis for my project, and more specifically the song Clocks. Audio recordings and metadata have been easy to find and are available on multiple websites. The more difficult aspect was to find musical scores for the work, however I found them on sheetmusic-free.com. This website provides digital notation music for the piano played in this song.

Task 3: Based on my experience earlier of attempting to work with music related data, I found it difficult particularly in the access aspect. This is more directed towards the musical sheets, as the specific artists I was looking for could only be found on subscription and purchase-based websites. This makes the music harder to access, as I am requiring to pay in order to find the specific information I need. My selected theme somewhat displays this, as I am only able to access the piano element of this song and not the other instruments that are also present. The current manifestations of data relate to this issue, as in a lot of cases data is not as freely accessible as it should be. Individuals could face struggle in attempting to gather information which is being witheld from them due to profitability reasons and this is particularly unfair.
## Week 2: Using MuseScore
Currently, I am facing issues regarding MuseScore as it is not letting me download the converted PDF, it statess either it is not a supported file type/ or because the files has been damaged. Thankfully, I examined a classmate next to mine and we identified the following issues with the translated piece: A few notes in the whole song are missing,
beat rests, articulations, tempos and row numbers have all been added to the sheet based on pure assumption. Separation of the notes have also changed, along with time signatures not being present in the computer-generated notations. Essentially a whole different music piece has been created from the upload of my original sheet.
